README.md, before:

# Project name

## Table of contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Explanation of files and folders](#files&folders)
- [Tech stack](#tech-stack)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

## Description
Project for CMPT 276 by group Root 9.
[The description should be here]

## Explanation of files and folders.
The main folders for this project thus far are
- workflows
- project-plan-files

Workflows simply houses the files we are going to use for the testing component of our CI/CD process.

The project-plan-files folder will have all the files related to milestone 1, which is the initial project planning phase. Each file's purpose/meaning is as follows:
- **DFD.png** is an image which shows the Data Flow Diagram created to represent a potential users process through using our web application.
- **Root9_Presentation_Slides.pdf** is a pdf with the slides used in the first presentation.
- **Root9_Project_Report.pdf** is a pdf with the first report for milestone one.
- **Root9_WBS.xlsx** is an excel file with the Work Breakdown Structure.
- **Root_9 Final Timeline.pdf** is a pdf file with the timeline/schedule of our project.
- **Root_9 Final Timeline.xlsx** is the excel format of the timeline/schedule of our project.

  Extra folders in the future will be listed below.

## Tech stack
#### Frontend:
  - HTML, CSS, JavaScript
#### Framework:
  - Framework 1
#### External APIs:
  - API Name 1
  - API Name 2

## Usage
[The usage should be here]

## Contributors
- Anna Rusinova ([@arusinova](https://github.com/arusinova))
- Stefan Pricope ([@scp10sfu](https://github.com/scp10sfu))
- Taiga Okuma ([@SunIsDark](https://github.com/SunIsDark))
- Cindy Xiao ([@CindyXiao1](https://github.com/CindyXiao1))

Commits done on github are visible in #github-changelog on discord.

Commit message:

Update README.md with video link

README.md, after:

# Project name

## Table of contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Explanation of files and folders](#files&folders)
- [Tech stack](#tech-stack)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

## Description
Project for CMPT 276 by group Root 9.

Important Links for the project include:

- Our first presentation video link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1D5xowmShwgpPiy_jJseGULDg8wyn9yxM/view?usp=sharing

## Explanation of files and folders.
The main folders for this project thus far are
- workflows
- project-plan-files

Workflows simply houses the files we are going to use for the testing component of our CI/CD process.

The project-plan-files folder will have all the files related to milestone 1, which is the initial project planning phase. Each file's purpose/meaning is as follows:
- **DFD.png** is an image which shows the Data Flow Diagram created to represent a potential users process through using our web application.
- **Root9_Presentation_Slides.pdf** is a pdf with the slides used in the first presentation.
- **Root9_Project_Report.pdf** is a pdf with the first report for milestone one.
- **Root9_WBS.xlsx** is an excel file with the Work Breakdown Structure.
- **Root_9 Final Timeline.pdf** is a pdf file with the timeline/schedule of our project.
- **Root_9 Final Timeline.xlsx** is the excel format of the timeline/schedule of our project.

  Extra folders in the future will be listed below.

## Tech stack
#### Frontend:
  - HTML, CSS, JavaScript
#### Framework:
  - Framework 1
#### External APIs:
  - API Name 1
  - API Name 2

## Usage
[The usage should be here]

## Contributors
- Anna Rusinova ([@arusinova](https://github.com/arusinova))
- Stefan Pricope ([@scp10sfu](https://github.com/scp10sfu))
- Taiga Okuma ([@SunIsDark](https://github.com/SunIsDark))
- Cindy Xiao ([@CindyXiao1](https://github.com/CindyXiao1))

Commits done on github are visible in #github-changelog on discord.
